[IMP] sales: crm partner autocomplete rewrite (#8882)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/optimize/partner_autocomplete.rst

==============================================
Enrich contacts base with partner autocomplete
==============================================

Partner Autocomplete helps to enrich the contacts database with corporate data. Select one of the
companies suggested in the dropdown, and quickly get all the information.

Configuration
=============

Go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Contacts` and activate the *Partner Autocomplete* feature.

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/settings-partner-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of settings page and the activations of the feature in Odoo

Enrich contacts with corporate data
===================================

| From any module, once a new contact is entered and the user is typing the name of it, the system
  will suggest a potential match. If it is selected, the contact will be populated with corporate
  data.

> | For example, after typing *Odoo*, the following information will populate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, after typing *Odoo*, the following information will populate:
```

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/odoo-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Creating a new contact in Odoo

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/odoo-info-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the information being shown about odoo with the autocomplete option in Odoo

> .. tip:: Partner Autocomplete also works if a VAT number is entered instead of a company name.

Reviewer: Can add abbr tag for VAT

Pricing
=======

*Partner Autocomplete* is an *In-App Purchase (IAP)* service, which requires prepaid credits to be

> used. Each request will consume one credit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used. Each request consumes one credit.
```

To buy credits, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Contacts --> Partner Autocomplete or Odoo IAP
--> View My Services` and select a package.

.. note::
   - If the database runs out of credits, the only information that will be populated when clicking
     on the suggested company will be the website link and the logo.

   - Learn about our *Privacy Policy* `here <https://iap.odoo.com/privacy#header_2>`_.

.. note::
   Enterprise Odoo users with a valid subscription get free credits to test :abbr:`IAP (In-App
   Purchase)` features before deciding to purchase more credits for the database. This includes
   demo/training databases, educational databases, and one-app-free databases.

> .. important::

Reviewer: Would move this further up, partially because of its importance, but also to avoid having so many admonition blocks in a row.

:guilabel:`Timezone`, and :guilabel:`Technologies Used`.

.. important::
   When getting a company's contact information make sure to be aware of the latest EU regulation,
   get more information about General Data Protection Regulation on `Odoo GDPR
   <http://odoo.com/gdpr>`__. In Odoo, individual contact information cannot be searched for, using
   the partner autocomplete feature.

Configuration
=============

Go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Contacts` and activate the *Partner Autocomplete* feature.

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/settings-partner-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of settings page and the activations of the feature in Odoo

Enrich contacts with corporate data
===================================

From any module, once a new company contact is entered and the user is typing the name of it, the
system will suggest a potential match. If it is selected, the contact will be populated with
corporate data.

For example, after typing *Odoo*, the following information will populate:

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/odoo-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Creating a new contact in Odoo

> .. image:: partner_autocomplete/odoo-info-autocomplete.png

Reviewer: You may want to add a line (or even a caption) indicating that this information is included in the chatter thread for the contact. (Sorry I didn't catch this on the first round)

==============================================

> Enrich contacts base with partner autocomplete

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enrich contacts with partner autocomplete
```
suggestion: just a slight reworking to make it a bit more concise

==============================================

> *Partner autocomplete* helps to enrich the contacts database with corporate data. Select one of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Partner autocomplete* enriches the contacts database with corporate data. Select one of the
```

> companies suggested in the drop-down menu, and quickly get all the information.

Reviewer 2: could you add more specificity when it comes to the what drop-down menu, and where they could find such a thing in the database?

Reviewer 2: UPDATE: I understand this can happen throughout any module in the db that has a 'Company' field, but it might be helpful to add that information right here at the top, so as to avoid any confusion with the readers.

The information provided by partner autocomplete can include general information about the business
(including full business name and logo), social media accounts, :guilabel:`Company type`,
:guilabel:`Founded` information, :guilabel:`Sectors` information, the number of
:guilabel:`Employees`, :guilabel:`Estimated revenue`, :guilabel:`Phone` number,
:guilabel:`Timezone`, and :guilabel:`Technologies Used`.

.. important::

>    When getting a company's contact information make sure to be aware of the latest EU regulation,
>    get more information about General Data Protection Regulation on `Odoo GDPR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When getting a company's contact information make sure to be aware of the latest EU regulations,
   For more information about General Data Protection Regulation refer to: `Odoo GDPR
```

>    <http://odoo.com/gdpr>`__. In Odoo, individual contact information cannot be searched for, using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   <http://odoo.com/gdpr>`__. In Odoo, individual contact information cannot be searched for with
```

   the partner autocomplete feature.

Configuration
=============

> Go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Contacts` and activate the *Partner Autocomplete* feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Contacts section`. Then, activate the :guilabel:`Partner Autocomplete` feature, by ticking the checkbox beside it, and clicking :guilabel:`Save`.
```

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/settings-partner-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of settings page and the activations of the feature in Odoo

Enrich contacts with corporate data
===================================

> From any module, once a new company contact is entered and the user is typing the name of it, the
> system will suggest a potential match. If it is selected, the contact will be populated with
> corporate data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From any module, as the user is typing in the name of a new company contact, Odoo reveals a large drop-down menu of potential match suggestions. If it any are selected, the contact is then populated with corporate data related to that specific selection.
```

> For example, after typing *Odoo*, the following information will populate:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, after typing 'Odoo', the following information populates:
```

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/odoo-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Creating a new contact in Odoo

> In the chatter the following information populates about the company, after clicking on the desired,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the chatter, the following information populates about the company, after clicking on the desired
```

pre-populated contact:

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/odoo-info-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the information being shown about odoo with the autocomplete option in Odoo

.. tip:: Partner Autocomplete also works if a :abbr:`VAT (value-added tax)` number is entered
   instead of a company name.

Pricing
=======

*Partner Autocomplete* is an *In-App Purchase (IAP)* service, which requires prepaid credits to be
used. Each request consumes one credit.

> To buy credits, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Contacts --> Partner Autocomplete or Odoo IAP

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To buy credits, go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Contacts section`. Then, locate either the :guilabel:`Partner Autocomplete` feature and click :guilabel:`Buy credits`, or locate the :guilabel:`Odoo IAP` feature and click :guilabel:`View My Services. From the resulting page, select a desired package.
```

> --> View My Services` and select a package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

.. note::

>    - If the database runs out of credits, the only information that will be populated when clicking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If the database runs out of credits, the only information populated when clicking
```

=========================================
Enrich contacts with partner autocomplete
=========================================

*Partner autocomplete* enriches the contacts database with corporate data. In any module, enter the

> new company name into the :guilabel:`Customer` field (partner_id technical field), and select one of
> the companies suggested in the drop-down menu. Instantly get valuable company information full of

Reviewer 3: We can use literal formatting for the technical field name :)
```suggestion
new company name into the :guilabel:`Customer` field (`partner_id` technical field), and select one
of the companies suggested in the drop-down menu. Instantly get valuable company information full of
```

hard-to-find data for a desired company.

.. important::
   A company cannot already be manually entered in the *Contacts* application prior to enriching it
   with data.

The information provided by partner autocomplete can include general information about the business
(including full business name and logo), social media accounts, :guilabel:`Company type`,
:guilabel:`Founded` information, :guilabel:`Sectors` information, the number of
:guilabel:`Employees`, :guilabel:`Estimated revenue`, :guilabel:`Phone` number,
:guilabel:`Timezone`, and :guilabel:`Technologies Used`.

.. important::

>    When getting a company's contact information make sure to be aware of the latest EU regulations,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When getting a company's contact information, make sure to be aware of the latest EU regulations.
```

   For more information about General Data Protection Regulation refer to: `Odoo GDPR

>    <http://odoo.com/gdpr>`__. In Odoo, individual contact information cannot be searched for with

Reviewer 3: External links only need a [single underscore](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/rst_guidelines.html#use-single-underscore-suffixes-for-hyperlink-references)
```suggestion
   <http://odoo.com/gdpr>`_. In Odoo, individual contact information cannot be searched for with
```

   the partner autocomplete feature.

Configuration
=============

Go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Contacts section`. Then, activate the :guilabel:`Partner
Autocomplete` feature, by ticking the checkbox beside it, and clicking :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/settings-partner-autocomplete.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of settings page and the activations of the feature in Odoo

Reviewer 3: Please add a period to **all alt tags** :)
```suggestion
   :alt: View of settings page and the activations of the feature in Odoo.
```

Enrich contacts with corporate data
===================================

From any module, as the user is typing in the name of a new company contact, Odoo reveals a large
drop-down menu of potential match suggestions. If any are selected, the contact is then populated
with corporate data related to that specific selection.

> For example, after typing 'Odoo', the following information populates:

Reviewer 3: Literal formatting for user inputed values
```suggestion
For example, after typing `Odoo`, the following information populates:
```

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/odoo-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Creating a new contact in Odoo

In the chatter, the following information populates about the company, after clicking on the desired
pre-populated contact:

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/odoo-info-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the information being shown about odoo with the autocomplete option in Odoo

> .. tip:: Partner Autocomplete also works if a :abbr:`VAT (value-added tax)` number is entered
>    instead of a company name.

Reviewer 3: Start admonition text on a new line please :)
```suggestion
.. tip::
   Partner Autocomplete also works if a :abbr:`VAT (value-added tax)` number is entered instead of
   company name.
```

Pricing
=======

*Partner Autocomplete* is an *In-App Purchase (IAP)* service, which requires prepaid credits to be
used. Each request consumes one credit.

To buy credits, go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Contacts section`. Then, locate either the
:guilabel:`Partner Autocomplete` feature and click :guilabel:`Buy credits`, or locate the
:guilabel:`Odoo IAP` feature and click :guilabel:`View My Services`. From the resulting page, select
a desired package.

.. note::
   If the database runs out of credits, the only information populated when clicking on the
   suggested company will be the website link and the logo.

>    Learn about our *Privacy Policy* `here <https://iap.odoo.com/privacy#header_2>`_.

Reviewer 3: Please use meangingful link labels rather than "here" or "click here" :)

This first option is preferred as linking to a specific heading _could_ break in the future when the sections are modified.
```suggestion
   Learn about our `Privacy Policy <https://iap.odoo.com/privacy>`_.
```
OR to go to the specific heading (more fragile and not recommended):
```suggestion
   Learn about our `Privacy Policy
   <https://iap.odoo.com/privacy#table_of_content_heading_1710263202838_58>`_.
```

Author: Option A

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/odoo-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Creating a new contact in Odoo

In the chatter, the following information populates about the company, after clicking on the desired
pre-populated contact:

.. image:: partner_autocomplete/odoo-info-autocomplete.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the information being shown about odoo with the autocomplete option in Odoo

.. tip::
   Partner Autocomplete also works if a :abbr:`VAT (value-added tax)` number is entered instead of
   company name.

Pricing
=======

*Partner Autocomplete* is an *In-App Purchase (IAP)* service, which requires prepaid credits to be
used. Each request consumes one credit.

To buy credits, go to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Contacts section`. Then, locate either the
:guilabel:`Partner Autocomplete` feature and click :guilabel:`Buy credits`, or locate the
:guilabel:`Odoo IAP` feature and click :guilabel:`View My Services`. From the resulting page, select
a desired package.

.. note::
   If the database runs out of credits, the only information populated when clicking on the
   suggested company will be the website link and the logo.

> 

Reviewer 3: Remove extra line ;)
```suggestion
```
